1 Recommendations
1.1
Blinatumomab with chemotherapy can be used as an option to treat Philadelphia-chromosome-negative CD19-positive B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) in adults, if:
the leukaemia is minimal residual disease-negative
it is used at the start of consolidation treatment
the company provides it according to the commercial arrangement .
1.2
This recommendation is not intended to affect treatment with blinatumomab with chemotherapy that was started in the NHS before this guidance was published. People having treatment outside this recommendation may continue without change to the funding arrangements in place for them before this guidance was published, until they and their NHS healthcare professional consider it appropriate to stop.
What this means in practice
Blinatumomab with chemotherapy must be funded by the NHS in England for the condition and population in the recommendations, if it is considered the most suitable treatment option. Blinatumomab with chemotherapy must be funded in England within 90 days of final publication of this guidance.
There is enough evidence to show that blinatumomab with chemotherapy provides benefits and value for money, so it can be used routinely across the NHS in this population.
NICE has produced tools and resources to support implementation of this guidance .
Why the committee made these recommendations
Usual consolidation treatment for Philadelphia-chromosome-negative CD19-positive B-cell precursor ALL that is minimal residual disease-negative is chemotherapy. For this evaluation, the company asked for blinatumomab to be considered with chemotherapy and only for ALL that is minimal residual disease-negative at the start of consolidation treatment. This does not include everyone who it is licensed for.
Clinical trial evidence shows that blinatumomab with chemotherapy increases how long people live and how long they have before their ALL relapses compared with chemotherapy alone.
The cost-effectiveness estimates are within the range that NICE considers an acceptable use of NHS resources. So, blinatumomab with chemotherapy can be used.
Next page 2 Information about blinatumomab Previous page Overview
Back to top