1 Recommendations
1.1
Epcoritamab can be used as an option to treat relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma in adults after 2 or more lines of systemic treatment, only if:
epcoritamab is stopped after 3 years of treatment or earlier if the lymphoma progresses, and
the company provides it according to the commercial arrangement .
1.2
This recommendation is not intended to affect treatment with epcoritamab that was started in the NHS before this guidance was published. People having treatment outside this recommendation may continue without change to the funding arrangements in place for them before this guidance was published, until they and their NHS healthcare professional consider it appropriate to stop.
What this means in practice
Epcoritamab must be funded in the NHS in England for the condition and population in the recommendations, if it is considered the most suitable treatment option. Epcoritamab must be funded in England within 90 days of final publication of this guidance.
There is enough evidence to show that epcoritamab provides benefits and value for money, so it can be used routinely across the NHS in this population.
NICE has produced tools and resources to support the implementation of this guidance .
Why the committee made these recommendations
Usual treatment for relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma after 2 or more lines of systemic treatment includes various combinations of chemotherapy and rituximab-based treatment.
For this evaluation the company included a rule that epcoritamab is stopped at 3 years, or earlier if the lymphoma progresses. This does not include everyone who it is licensed for.
Epcoritamab has not been directly compared in a clinical trial with usual treatments after 2 or more lines of systemic treatment. But indirect comparisons with usual treatment suggest that it is likely to increase how long people have before their condition gets worse and how long they live compared with usual treatment.
The cost-effectiveness estimates are within the range that NICE considers an acceptable use of NHS resources. So, epcoritamab can be used.
Next page 2 Information about epcoritamab Previous page Overview
Back to top