1 Recommendations
1.1
Dostarlimab plus platinum-containing chemotherapy can be used as an option to treat primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer with microsatellite stability (MSS) or mismatch repair proficiency (MMRp) in adults when systemic treatment is suitable.
Dostarlimab plus platinum-containing chemotherapy can only be used if the company provides it according to the commercial arrangement .
1.2
This recommendation is not intended to affect treatment with dostarlimab plus platinum-containing chemotherapy that was started in the NHS before this guidance was published. People having treatment outside this recommendation may continue without change to the funding arrangements in place for them before this guidance was published, until they and their NHS healthcare professional consider it appropriate to stop.
What this means in practice
Dostarlimab plus platinum-containing chemotherapy must be funded in the NHS in England for the condition and population in the recommendations, if it is considered the most suitable treatment option. It must be funded in England within 90 days of final publication of this guidance.
There is enough evidence to show that dostarlimab plus platinum-containing chemotherapy provides benefits and value for money, so it can be used routinely across the NHS in this population.
NICE has produced tools and resources to support the implementation of this guidance .
Why the committee made these recommendations
Usual treatment for primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer with MSS or MMRp is platinum-containing chemotherapy (for example, carboplatin and paclitaxel).
Evidence from an ongoing clinical trial suggests that dostarlimab plus carboplatin and paclitaxel may increase the time before a person's cancer gets worse more than placebo plus carboplatin and paclitaxel. It is unclear whether adding dostarlimab to usual treatment increases how long people live.
There are also uncertainties in the economic model. But the cost-effectiveness estimates for dostarlimab plus platinum-containing chemotherapy are within the range that NICE considers an acceptable use of NHS resources. So, it can be used.
Next page 2 Information about dostarlimab Previous page Overview
Back to top