1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE RYBREVANT is a bispecific EGF receptor-directed and MET receptor-directed antibody indicated: in combination with lazertinib for the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletions or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test. ( 1 , 2.2 ) in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations, whose disease has progressed on or after treatment with an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor. ( 1 , 2.2 ) in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed for the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test. ( 1 , 2.2 ) as a single agent for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test, whose disease has progressed on or after platinum-based chemotherapy. ( 1 , 2.2 ) 1.1 First-Line Treatment of NSCLC with EGFR Exon 19 Deletions or Exon 21 L858R Substitution Mutations RYBREVANT, in combination with lazertinib, is indicated for the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletions or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] . 1.2 Previously Treated NSCLC with EGFR Exon 19 Deletions or Exon 21 L858R Substitution Mutations RYBREVANT, in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 L858R substitution mutations, whose disease has progressed on or after treatment with an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] . 1.3 First-Line Treatment of NSCLC with EGFR Exon 20 Insertion Mutations RYBREVANT, in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed, is indicated for the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] . 1.4 Previously Treated NSCLC with EGFR Exon 20 Insertion Mutations RYBREVANT is indicated as a single agent for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] , whose disease has progressed on or after platinum-based chemotherapy. 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infusion-Related Reactions (IRR) : Interrupt infusion at the first sign of IRRs. Reduce the infusion rate or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT based on severity. ( 2.5 , 2.8 , 5.1 ) Interstitial Lung Disease (ILD)/Pneumonitis : Monitor for new or worsening symptoms indicative of ILD. Immediately withhold RYBREVANT in patients with suspected ILD/pneumonitis and permanently discontinue if ILD/pneumonitis is confirmed. ( 2.8 , 5.2 ) Venous Thromboembolic (VTE) Events with Concomitant Use with Lazertinib: Prophylactic anticoagulation is recommended for the first four months of treatment. Monitor for signs and symptoms of VTE and treat as medically appropriate. Withhold RYBREVANT and lazertinib based on severity. Once anticoagulant treatment has been initiated, resume RYBREVANT and lazertinib at the same dose at the discretion of the healthcare provider. Permanently discontinue RYBREVANT and continue lazertinib for recurrent VTE despite therapeutic anticoagulation. ( 2.7 , 2.8 , 5.3 ) Dermatologic Adverse Reactions : Can cause severe rash including toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) and acneiform dermatitis. At treatment initiation, prophylactic and concomitant medications are recommended. Withhold, reduce the dose, or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT based on severity. ( 2.6 , 2.8 , 5.4 ) Ocular Toxicity : Promptly refer patients with worsening eye symptoms to an ophthalmologist. Withhold, reduce the dose, or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT based on severity. ( 2.8 , 5.5 ) Embryo-Fetal Toxicity : Can cause fetal harm. Advise females of reproductive potential of the potential risk to the fetus and to use effective contraception. ( 5.6 , 8.1 , 8.3 ) 5.1 Infusion-Related Reactions RYBREVANT can cause infusion-related reactions (IRR) including anaphylaxis; signs and symptoms of IRR include dyspnea, flushing, fever, chills, nausea, chest discomfort, hypotension, and vomiting. The median time to IRR onset is approximately 1 hour. RYBREVANT with Lazertinib RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib can cause infusion-related reactions. In MARIPOSA, [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , IRRs occurred in 63% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib, including Grade 3 in 5% and Grade 4 in 1% of patients. The incidence of infusion modifications due to IRR was 54%, and IRRs leading to dose reduction of RYBREVANT occurred in 0.7% of patients. Infusion-related reactions leading to permanent discontinuation of RYBREVANT occurred in 4.5% of patients receiving RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib. RYBREVANT with Carboplatin and Pemetrexed Based on the pooled safety population [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , IRR occurred in 50% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed, including Grade 3 (3.2%) adverse reactions. The incidence of infusion modifications due to IRR was 46%, and 2.8% of patients permanently discontinued RYBREVANT due to IRR. RYBREVANT as a Single Agent In CHRYSALIS, [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ], IRR occurred in 66% of patients treated with RYBREVANT as a single agent. Among patients receiving treatment on Week 1 Day 1, 65% experienced an IRR, while the incidence of IRR was 3.4% with the Day 2 infusion, 0.4% with the Week 2 infusion, and cumulatively 1.1% with subsequent infusions. Of the reported IRRs, 97% were Grade 1–2, 2.2% were Grade 3, and 0.4% were Grade 4. The median time to onset was 1 hour (range 0.1 to 18 hours) after start of infusion. The incidence of infusion modifications due to IRR was 62%, and 1.3% of patients permanently discontinued RYBREVANT due to IRR. Premedicate with antihistamines, antipyretics, and glucocorticoids and infuse RYBREVANT as recommended [see Dosage and Administration (2.5) ] . Administer RYBREVANT via a peripheral line on Week 1 and Week 2 to reduce the risk of infusion-related reactions [see Dosage and Administration (2.10) ] . Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion reactions during RYBREVANT infusion in a setting where cardiopulmonary resuscitation medication and equipment are available. Interrupt infusion if IRR is suspected. Reduce the infusion rate or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT based on severity [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ]. If an anaphylactic reaction occurs, permanently discontinue RYBREVANT. 5.2 Interstitial Lung Disease/Pneumonitis RYBREVANT can cause severe and fatal interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis. RYBREVANT with Lazertinib In MARIPOSA [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , ILD/pneumonitis occurred in 3.1% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib, including Grade 3 in 1% and Grade 4 in 0.2% of patients. There was one fatal case of ILD/pneumonitis and 2.9% of patients permanently discontinued RYBREVANT and lazertinib due to ILD/pneumonitis [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ]. RYBREVANT with Carboplatin and Pemetrexed Based on the pooled safety population [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ], ILD/pneumonitis occurred in 2.1% treated with RYBREVANT in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed with 1.8% of patients experiencing Grade 3 ILD/pneumonitis. 2.1% discontinued RYBREVANT due to ILD/pneumonitis. RYBREVANT as a Single Agent In CHRYSALIS, [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , ILD/pneumonitis occurred in 3.3% of patients treated with RYBREVANT as a single agent, with 0.7% of patients experiencing Grade 3 ILD/pneumonitis. Three patients (1%) permanently discontinued RYBREVANT due to ILD/pneumonitis. Monitor patients for new or worsening symptoms indicative of ILD/pneumonitis (e.g., dyspnea, cough, fever). Immediately withhold RYBREVANT in patients with suspected ILD/pneumonitis and permanently discontinue if ILD/pneumonitis is confirmed [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ] . 5.3 Venous Thromboembolic (VTE) Events with Concomitant Use of RYBREVANT and Lazertinib RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib can cause serious and fatal venous thromboembolic (VTE) events, including deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. The majority of these events occurred during the first four months of treatment [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . In MARIPOSA [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ], VTEs occurred in 36% of patients receiving RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib, including Grade 3 in 10% and Grade 4 in 0.5% of patients. On-study VTEs occurred in 1.2% of patients (n=5) while receiving anticoagulation therapy. There were two fatal cases of VTE (0.5%), 9% of patients had VTE leading to dose interruptions of RYBREVANT, 1% of patients had VTE leading to dose reductions of RYBREVANT, and 3.1% of patients had VTE leading to permanent discontinuation of RYBREVANT. The median time to onset of VTEs was 84 days (range: 6 to 777). Administer prophylactic anticoagulation for the first four months of treatment [see Dosage and Administration (2.7) ]. The use of Vitamin K antagonists is not recommended. Monitor for signs and symptoms of VTE events and treat as medically appropriate. Withhold RYBREVANT and lazertinib based on severity [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ] . Once anticoagulant treatment has been initiated, resume RYBREVANT and lazertinib at the same dose level at the discretion of the healthcare provider . In the event of VTE recurrence despite therapeutic anticoagulation, permanently discontinue RYBREVANT. Treatment can continue with lazertinib at the same dose level at the discretion of the healthcare provider [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ]. Refer to the lazertinib prescribing information for recommended lazertinib dosage modification. 5.4 Dermatologic Adverse Reactions RYBREVANT can cause severe rash including toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), dermatitis acneiform, pruritus, and dry skin. RYBREVANT with Lazertinib In MARIPOSA, [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , rash occurred in 86% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib, including Grade 3 in 26% of patients. The median time to onset of rash was 14 days (range: 1 to 556 days). Rash leading to dose interruptions of RYBREVANT occurred in 37% of patients, rash leading to dose reductions of RYBREVANT occurred in 23% of patients, and rash leading to permanent discontinuation of RYBREVANT occurred in 5% of patients. RYBREVANT with Carboplatin and Pemetrexed Based on the pooled safety population [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , rash occurred in 82% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed, including Grade 3 (15%) adverse reactions. Rash leading to dose reductions occurred in 14% of patients, and 2.5% permanently discontinued RYBREVANT and 3.1% discontinued pemetrexed. RYBREVANT as a Single Agent In CHRYSALIS, [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , rash occurred in 74% of patients treated with RYBREVANT as a single agent, including Grade 3 rash in 3.3% of patients. The median time to onset of rash was 14 days (range: 1 to 276 days). Rash leading to dose reduction occurred in 5% of patients, and RYBREVANT was permanently discontinued due to rash in 0.7% of patients [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ]. Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) occurred in one patient (0.3%) treated with RYBREVANT as a single agent. When initiating treatment with RYBREVANT, prophylactic and concomitant medications are recommended to reduce the risk and severity of dermatologic adverse reactions [see Dosage and Administration (2.6) ] . Instruct patients to limit sun exposure during and for 2 months after treatment with RYBREVANT. Advise patients to wear protective clothing and use broad-spectrum UVA/UVB sunscreen. If skin reactions develop, administer supportive care including topical corticosteroids and topical and/or oral antibiotics. For Grade 3 reactions, add oral steroids and consider dermatologic consultation. Promptly refer patients presenting with severe rash, atypical appearance or distribution, or lack of improvement within 2 weeks to a dermatologist. Withhold, reduce the dose, or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT based on severity [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ] . 5.5 Ocular Toxicity RYBREVANT can cause ocular toxicity including keratitis, blepharitis, dry eye symptoms, conjunctival redness, blurred vision, visual impairment, ocular itching, eye pruritus, and uveitis. RYBREVANT with Lazertinib In MARIPOSA [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , ocular toxicity occurred in 16% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib, including Grade 3 or 4 ocular toxicity in 0.7% of patients. Withhold, reduce the dose, or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT and continue lazertinib based on severity [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ] . RYBREVANT with Carboplatin and Pemetrexed Based on the pooled safety population [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ], ocular toxicity occurred in 16% of patients treated with RYBREVANT in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed. All events were Grade 1 or 2. RYBREVANT as a Single Agent In CHRYSALIS, [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] , keratitis occurred in 0.7% and uveitis occurred in 0.3% of patients treated with RYBREVANT. All events were Grade 1–2. Promptly refer patients with new or worsening eye symptoms to an ophthalmologist. Withhold, reduce the dose, or permanently discontinue RYBREVANT based on severity [see Dosage and Administration (2.8) ] . 5.6 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on its mechanism of action and findings from animal models, RYBREVANT can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Administration of other EGFR inhibitor molecules to pregnant animals has resulted in an increased incidence of impairment of embryo-fetal development, embryo lethality, and abortion. Advise females of reproductive potential of the potential risk to the fetus. Advise female patients of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment and for 3 months after the last dose of RYBREVANT. [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1 , 8.3) ] .