Title: Infigratinib for the Treatment of Metastatic or Locally Advanced Cholangiocarcinoma With Known FGFR2 Gene Fusions or Rearrangements.
Abstract: Cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) is an aggressive and diverse malignancy with a poor prognosis. Related to a typical indolent course of progression, most cases of CCA are metastatic or locally advanced at the time of presentation. For patients with nonresectable tumors or metastatic disease, the mainstay of treatment is comprehensive with combination chemotherapy. The first-line chemotherapeutic combination for the treatment of CCA are cisplatin and gemcitabine-based chemotherapies. However, many locally advanced and progressive CCA cases are refractory to first-line management. Within the past few years, the increase in the incidence of metastatic CCA and its poor prognosis has brought to light the need for novel therapeutic approaches to treatment. With advancements in next-generation genome sequencing, multiple molecular pathways have been identified in the pathogenesis of CCA and have shown great potential as alternative treatments in cases of CCA refractory to surgical resection. FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements have been identified in 10-16% of all intrahepatic CCA and are thought to serve as a pathway of resistance for a number of nonresectable and refractory cases of cholangiocarcinoma. A novel therapeutic agent that has been discussed is infigratinib, a selective, ATP-competitive inhibitor of fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2). In a phase 1 trial, infigratinib showed a safe profile and showed remarkable clinical efficacy in advanced CCA with FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements in phase II trials. As of May 2021, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved infigratinib for CCA largely based on tumor response and duration of response. As of 2021, infigratinib, futibatinib, and pemigatinib, similar novel selective FGFR inhibitors, have been approved by the FDA for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic CCA harboring