1 Recommendations
1.1
Rucaparib is recommended, within its marketing authorisation, as an option for the maintenance treatment of relapsed platinum-sensitive high-grade epithelial, ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer that has completely or partially responded to platinum-based chemotherapy in adults. Rucaparib is only recommended if the company provides it according to the commercial arrangement .
1.2
If people with the condition and their healthcare professional consider rucaparib to be 1 of a range of suitable treatments, after discussing the advantages and disadvantages of all the options, the least expensive should be used. Administration costs, dosages, price per dose and commercial arrangements should all be taken into account.
Why these recommendations were made
This evaluation reviews the evidence for rucaparib for the maintenance treatment of relapsed platinum-sensitive ovarian, fallopian tube or peritoneal cancer from NICE technology appraisal guidance 611. It also reviews data from a clinical trial and people having treatment in the NHS in England collected as part of the managed access agreement.
Standard maintenance treatment of relapsed platinum-sensitive ovarian, fallopian tube or peritoneal cancer includes niraparib and olaparib.
There are no direct comparisons of rucaparib with niraparib or olaparib. But the results of an indirect comparison suggest that rucaparib is likely to work as well as niraparib in terms of how long people live and how much time they have until the cancer progresses. The company considers the results of an indirect comparison with olaparib to be confidential, so they cannot be reported here.
The company considers niraparib to be the main comparator for rucaparib. Using NICE's cost-comparison methods , rucaparib only needs to provide similar or greater health benefits at similar or lower costs to 1 relevant comparator to be recommended as a treatment option. A cost comparison suggests that rucaparib has similar or lower costs and similar overall health benefits to niraparib. So, rucaparib is recommended.
For all the evidence, see the committee papers . To see what NICE did for niraparib, see the committee discussion section in NICE's technology appraisal guidance on niraparib for maintenance treatment of relapsed, platinum-sensitive ovarian, fallopian tube and peritoneal cancer .
Next page 2 Information about rucaparib Previous page Overview
Back to top