Title: Safety and efficacy of trastuzumab biosimilar plus irinotecan or gemcitabine in patients with previously treated HER2 (ERBB2)-positive non-breast/non-gastric solid tumors: a phase II basket trial with circulating tumor DNA analysis.
Abstract: Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) (ERBB2)-directed agents are standard treatments for patients with HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer. Herein, we report the results of an open-label, single-center, phase II basket trial to investigate the efficacy and safety of trastuzumab biosimilar (Samfenet®) plus treatment of physician's choice for patients with previously treated HER2-positive advanced solid tumors, along with biomarker analysis employing circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) sequencing. Patients with HER2-positive unresectable or metastatic non-breast, non-gastric solid tumors who failed at least one prior treatment were included in this study conducted at Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea. Patients received trastuzumab combined with irinotecan or gemcitabine at the treating physicians' discretion. The primary endpoint was the objective response rate as per RECIST version 1.1. Plasma samples were collected at baseline and at the time of disease progression for ctDNA analysis. Twenty-three patients were screened from 31 December 2019 to 17 September 2021, and 20 were enrolled in this study. Their median age was 64 years (30-84 years), and 13 patients (65.0%) were male. The most common primary tumor was hepatobiliary cancer (seven patients, 35.0%), followed by colorectal cancer (six patients, 30.0%). Among 18 patients with an available response evaluation, the objective response rate was 11.1% (95% confidence interval 3.1% to 32.8%). ERBB2 amplification was detected from ctDNA analysis of baseline plasma samples in 85% of patients (n = 17), and the ERBB2 copy number from ctDNA analysis showed a significant correlation with the results from tissue sequencing. Among 16 patients with post-progression ctDNA analysis, 7 (43.8%) developed new alterations. None of the patients discontinued the study due to adverse events. Trastuzumab plus irinotecan or gemcitabine was safe and feasible for patients with previously treated HER2-positive advanced solid tumors with modest efficacy outcomes, and ctDNA analysis was useful for detecting HER2 amplification.