Title: MDT-BRIDGE: Neoadjuvant Durvalumab Plus Chemotherapy Followed by Either Surgery and Adjuvant Durvalumab or Chemoradiotherapy and Consolidation Durvalumab in Resectable or Borderline-resectable Stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC.
Abstract: In the AEGEAN trial, neoadjuvant durvalumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy (D+CT) followed by adjuvant durvalumab, versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) rate and event-free survival (EFS) in patients with resectable NSCLC. In the PACIFIC trial, consolidation durvalumab significantly improved progression-free (PFS) and overall survival (OS) for patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC after chemoradiotherapy. Strong pathological and clinical outcomes with chemoimmunotherapy have generated interest in its use to enable patients with borderline-resectable NSCLC to undergo surgery. Additionally, for patients initially deemed resectable but who later become unresectable/inoperable during neoadjuvant treatment, consolidation immunotherapy after chemoradiotherapy should be explored. MDT-BRIDGE (NCT05925530) is a multicenter, phase II, non-randomized study in ∼140 patients with EGFR/ALK wild-type, stage IIB-IIIB (N2) NSCLC. Following baseline multidisciplinary team (MDT) assessment to determine resectable/borderline-resectable status, all patients receive 2 cycles of neoadjuvant D+CT every 3 weeks, followed by MDT reassessment of resectability. Patients deemed resectable receive 1-2 additional cycles of D+CT followed by surgery (Cohort 1). Patients deemed unresectable receive standard-of-care chemoradiotherapy (Cohort 2). Cohort 1 patients who become ineligible for surgery can enter Cohort 2. Following surgery or chemoradiotherapy, patients receive adjuvant or consolidation durvalumab for 1 year. The primary endpoint is resection rate in all patients. Additional endpoints include resection rates by baseline resectable/borderline-resectable status, resection outcomes, EFS/PFS, OS, pCR rate, circulating tumor DNA dynamics pre- and post-surgery (including correlation with clinical outcomes), and safety. Enrollment began in February 2024; primary completion is anticipated in April 2026.