1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE QINLOCK is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) who have received prior treatment with 3 or more kinase inhibitors, including imatinib. QINLOCK is a kinase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adult patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) who have received prior treatment with 3 or more kinase inhibitors, including imatinib. ( 1 ) 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Palmar-Plantar Erythrodysesthesia Syndrome : Based on severity, withhold QINLOCK and resume at same or reduced dose. ( 2.2 , 5.1 ) New Primary Cutaneous Malignancies : Perform dermatologic evaluations when initiating QINLOCK and routinely during treatment. ( 5.2 ) Hypertension : Do not initiate QINLOCK in patients with uncontrolled hypertension and monitor blood pressure during treatment. Based on severity, withhold QINLOCK and then resume at same or reduced dose or permanently discontinue. ( 2.2 , 5.3 ) Cardiac Dysfunction : Assess ejection fraction by echocardiogram or MUGA scan prior to initiating QINLOCK and during treatment, as clinically indicated. Permanently discontinue QINLOCK for Grade 3 or 4 left ventricular systolic dysfunction. ( 2.2 , 5.4 ) Risk of Impaired Wound Healing : Withhold QINLOCK for at least 1 week prior to elective surgery. Do not administer for at least 2 weeks after major surgery and until adequate wound healing. The safety of resumption of QINLOCK after resolution of wound healing complications has not been established. ( 5.5 ) Photosensitivity : May cause photosensitivity reactions. Advise patients to limit direct ultraviolet exposure. ( 5.6 ) Embryo-Fetal Toxicity : Can cause fetal harm. Advise females of reproductive potential of the potential risk to a fetus and to use effective contraception. ( 5.7 , 8.1 , 8.3 ) 5.1 Palmar-Plantar Erythrodysesthesia Syndrome In INVICTUS, Grade 1-2 palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (PPES) occurred in 21% of the 85 patients who received QINLOCK [see Adverse Reactions ( 6.1 )]. PPES led to dose discontinuation in 1.2% of patients, dose interruption in 2.4% of patients, and dose reduction in 1.2% of patients. Based on severity, withhold QINLOCK and then resume at same or reduced dose [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.2 )] . 5.2 New Primary Cutaneous Malignancies In INVICTUS, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cuSCC) occurred in 4.7% of the 85 patients who received QINLOCK, with a median time to event of 4.6 months (range: 3.8 to 6 months). In the pooled safety population, cuSCC and keratoacanthoma occurred in 7% and 1.9% of patients, respectively. In INVICTUS, melanoma occurred in 2.4% of the 85 of patients who received QINLOCK. In the pooled safety population, melanoma occurred in 0.9% of patients. Perform dermatologic evaluations when initiating QINLOCK and routinely during treatment. Manage suspicious skin lesions with excision and dermatopathologic evaluation. Continue QINLOCK at the same dose. 5.3 Hypertension In INVICTUS, Grade 1-3 hypertension occurred in 14% of the 85 patients who received QINLOCK, including Grade 3 hypertension in 7% [see Adverse Reactions ( 6.1 )] . Do not initiate QINLOCK in patients with uncontrolled hypertension. Adequately control blood pressure prior to initiating QINLOCK. Monitor blood pressure as clinically indicated during treatment with QINLOCK, and initiate or adjust antihypertensive therapy as appropriate. Based on severity, withhold QINLOCK and then resume at same or reduced dose or permanently discontinue [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.2 )] . 5.4 Cardiac Dysfunction In INVICTUS, cardiac failure occurred in 1.2% of the 85 patients who received QINLOCK. In the pooled safety population, cardiac dysfunction (including cardiac failure, acute left ventricular failure, diastolic dysfunction, and ventricular hypertrophy) occurred in 1.7% of patients, including Grade 3 adverse reactions in 1.1%. In INVICTUS, Grade 3 decreased ejection fraction occurred in 1.3% of the 77 patients who received QINLOCK and who had a baseline and at least one post-baseline echocardiogram. In the pooled safety population, Grade 3 decreased ejection fraction occurred in 1.9% of the 263 patients who received QINLOCK and who had a baseline and at least one post-baseline echocardiogram. In INVICTUS, cardiac dysfunction led to dose discontinuation in 1.2% of the 85 patients who received QINLOCK. The safety of QINLOCK has not been assessed in patients with a baseline ejection fraction below 50%. Assess ejection fraction by echocardiogram or MUGA scan prior to initiating QINLOCK and during treatment, as clinically indicated. Permanently discontinue QINLOCK for Grade 3 or 4 left ventricular systolic dysfunction [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.2 )] . 5.5 Risk of Impaired Wound Healing Impaired wound healing complications can occur in patients who receive drugs that inhibit the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) signaling pathway. Therefore, QINLOCK has the potential to adversely affect wound healing. Withhold QINLOCK for at least 1 week prior to elective surgery. Do not administer for at least 2 weeks following major surgery and until adequate wound healing. The safety of resumption of QINLOCK after resolution of wound healing complications has not been established. 5.6 Photosensitivity QINLOCK may cause photosensitivity reactions. In all patients treated with QINLOCK in clinical trials (n=621), photosensitivity reactions occurred in 0.6% of patients. Advise patients to limit direct ultraviolet exposure during treatment with QINLOCK and for at least one week after discontinuation of treatment. 5.7 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on findings from animal studies and its mechanism of action, QINLOCK can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Oral administration of ripretinib to pregnant rats and rabbits during the period of organogenesis resulted in malformations primarily associated with the cardiovascular and skeletal systems, anatomic variations, decreased fetal body weight, and increased post-implantation loss at exposures approximately one half of the recommended dose of 150 mg once daily based on area under the curve (AUC). Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with QINLOCK and for 1 week after the last dose. Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with QINLOCK and for 1 week after the last dose [see Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 , 8.3 ), Nonclinical Toxicology ( 13.1 )].