1 Recommendations
1.1
Pembrolizumab with carboplatin and paclitaxel can be used, within its marketing authorisation, as an option for untreated primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer in adults. It can only be used if the company provides it according to the commercial arrangement .
1.2
Pembrolizumab with carboplatin and paclitaxel should be stopped after 2 years, or earlier if there is disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.
What this means in practice
Pembrolizumab with carboplatin and paclitaxel must be funded in the NHS in England for the condition and population in the recommendations, if it is considered the most suitable treatment option. It should be stopped after 2 years, or earlier if there is disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Pembrolizumab with carboplatin and paclitaxel must be funded in England within 90 days of final publication of this guidance.
There is enough evidence to show that pembrolizumab with carboplatin and paclitaxel provides benefits and value for money, so it can be used routinely across the NHS in this population.
NICE has produced tools and resources to support the implementation of this guidance .
Why the committee made these recommendations
People with untreated primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer usually have platinum-based chemotherapy, such as the combination carboplatin and paclitaxel.
Clinical trial evidence shows that adding pembrolizumab to carboplatin and paclitaxel increases how long people have before their condition gets worse compared with carboplatin and paclitaxel alone. It is less certain how it affects how long people live because the clinical trial is still ongoing.
The summary of product characteristics for pembrolizumab recommends that it is given for no longer than 2 years when it is used for untreated primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer.
The cost-effectiveness estimates for pembrolizumab with carboplatin and paclitaxel are within the range that NICE considers an acceptable use of NHS resources. So, it can be used.
Next page 2 Information about pembrolizumab Previous page Overview
Back to top