Title: Quality-adjusted time without symptoms of disease progression or toxicity of treatment in patients with primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer treated with dostarlimab plus carboplatin-paclitaxel versus carboplatin-paclitaxel.
Abstract: In part 1 of the phase 3 RUBY trial (NCT03981796) in patients with primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer, dostarlimab plus carboplatin-paclitaxel significantly improved progression-free and overall survival vs placebo plus carboplatin-paclitaxel. Post hoc analyses examined the impact of adding dostarlimab to chemotherapy, compared with placebo plus chemotherapy, on quality-adjusted time without symptoms of disease progression or toxicity of treatment in this patient population. Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive dostarlimab/placebo plus chemotherapy every 3 weeks for 6 cycles, followed by dostarlimab/placebo monotherapy every 6 weeks for up to 3 years. Data from the first interim analysis (September 28, 2022) were used, and quality of life (QoL) was assessed with the EuroQoL 5-Dimensions 5-Level questionnaire. Quality-adjusted time without symptoms of disease progression or toxicity of treatment was calculated as the sum product of the restricted mean survival times spent in 3 mutually exclusive states: toxicity, time without symptoms of disease progression or treatment toxicity, and relapse, and utilized each state's corresponding QoL. In the dostarlimab and placebo arms, 241 and 246 patients were analyzed for safety, respectively. In the overall population, the mean (95% CI) duration of quality-adjusted time without symptoms of disease progression or toxicity of treatment was significantly longer in the dostarlimab arm (24.75 months [22.88 to 26.65 months]) than in the placebo arm (20.34 months [18.95 to 21.76 months]; the mean difference [95% CI] of 4.41 months [2.01 to 6.77 months], p < .001). Benefits in quality-adjusted time without symptoms of disease progression or toxicity of treatment after dostarlimab treatment were observed regardless of mismatch repair/microsatellite instability status or toxicity criteria used and were predominantly driven by the time without symptoms of disease. Dostarlimab plus carboplatin-paclitaxel treatment is associated with meaningful improvement in survival, avoidance of substantial toxicity, and maintenance of patient-reported QoL in patients with primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer.