Title: FRACTION: protocol of a phase II study of Fedratinib and Nivolumab combination in patients with myelofibrosis and resistance or suboptimal response to JAK-inhibitor treatment of the German MPN study group (GSG-MPN).
Abstract: Development of Janus-kinase (JAK) inhibitors has revolutionized the therapeutic landscape for patients with myeloproliferative neoplasia (MPN). Following approval of the first JAK1/2-inhibitor Ruxolitinib, symptoms of this inflammatory disease, characterized by splenomegaly, release of inflammatory cytokines and appearance of thrombosis, could be effectively reduced for the first time. However, JAK-inhibitor treatment is limited in several aspects: 1) duration of response: 3 years after initiation of therapy more than 50% of patients have discontinued JAK-inhibitor treatment due to lack of efficacy or resistance; 2) reduction of disease burden: while effective in reducing inflammation and constitutional symptoms, JAK-inhibitors fail to reduce the malignant clone in the majority of patients and therefore lack long-term efficacy. Early clinical trials for patients with myelofibrosis (MF) have tried to address these issues for patients with suboptimal response to Ruxolitinib therapy while combination therapies with Fedratinib are rare. Recent reports provided first evidence on how the JAK2-V617F mutated myeloid cells may influence T-cell responses. JAK2-V617F promoted the synthesis of PD-L1 in MPN cells leading to limited anti-neoplastic T-cell responses, metabolic changes in T-cells and eventually JAK2-V617F-driven immune-escape of MPN cells. These findings may facilitate the use of immunotherapeutic approaches for JAK-mutated clones. Immune checkpoints refer to a variety of inhibitory pathways that are crucial for maintaining self-tolerance and modulating the duration and amplitude of physiological immune responses in peripheral tissues in order to minimize collateral tissue damage. The FRACTION study is a single arm, open label Phase II trial investigating the combination of Fedratinib with the PD-1 inhibitor Nivolumab in patients with myelofibrosis and suboptimal or lack of response to JAK-inhibitor therapy. Over a 12 months period the trial assesses longer term outcomes, particularly the effects on clinical outcomes, such as induction of clinical remissions, quality of life and improvement of anemia. No prospective clinical trial data exist for combinations of JAK- and immune-checkpoint-inhibitors in the planned MF study population and this study will provide new findings that may contribute to advancing the treatment landscape for MF patients with suboptimal responses and limited alternatives.