1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE NUBEQA is an androgen receptor inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adult patients with: non-metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC). ( 1 ) metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer (mCSPC). ( 1 ) metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer (mCSPC) in combination with docetaxel. ( 1 ) NUBEQA is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with: non-metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC) metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer (mCSPC) metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer (mCSPC) in combination with docetaxel. 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Ischemic Heart Disease : Optimize management of cardiovascular risk factors. Monitor for signs and symptoms of coronary artery disease. Discontinue NUBEQA for Grade 3-4 events. ( 5.1 ) Seizure : Consider discontinuation of NUBEQA in patients who develop a seizure during treatment. ( 5.2 ) Embryo-Fetal Toxicity : NUBEQA can cause fetal harm and loss of pregnancy. Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception. ( 5.3 , 8.1 , 8.3 ) 5.1 Ischemic Heart Disease Ischemic heart disease, including fatal cases, occurred in patients receiving NUBEQA. In a pooled analysis of ARAMIS and ARANOTE, ischemic heart disease occurred in 3.4% of patients receiving NUBEQA and 2.2% receiving placebo, including Grade 3-4 events in 1.4% and 0.3%, respectively. Ischemic events led to death in 0.4% of patients receiving NUBEQA and 0.4% receiving placebo. In ARASENS, ischemic heart disease occurred in 3.2% of patients receiving NUBEQA with docetaxel and 2% receiving placebo with docetaxel, including Grade 3-4 events in 1.3% and 1.1%, respectively. Ischemic events led to death in 0.3% of patients receiving NUBEQA with docetaxel and 0% receiving placebo with docetaxel. Monitor for signs and symptoms of ischemic heart disease. Optimize management of cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes, or dyslipidemia. Discontinue NUBEQA for Grade 3-4 ischemic heart disease. 5.2 Seizure Seizure occurred in patients receiving NUBEQA. In a pooled analysis of ARAMIS and ARANOTE, Grade 1-3 seizure occurred in 0.2% of patients receiving NUBEQA. Seizure occurred from 261 to 665 days after initiation of NUBEQA. In ARASENS, seizure occurred in 0.8% of patients receiving NUBEQA with docetaxel, including two Grade 3 events. Seizure occurred from 38 to 1754 days after initiation of NUBEQA. It is unknown whether anti-epileptic medications will prevent seizures with NUBEQA. Advise patients of the risk of developing a seizure while receiving NUBEQA and of engaging in any activity where sudden loss of consciousness could cause harm to themselves or others. Consider discontinuation of NUBEQA in patients who develop a seizure during treatment. 5.3 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity The safety and efficacy of NUBEQA have not been established in females. Based on its mechanism of action, NUBEQA can cause fetal harm and loss of pregnancy when administered to a pregnant female [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.1) ] . Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment and for 1 week after the last dose of NUBEQA [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1 , 8.3) ] .