1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE ORSERDU is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women or adult men with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)‑negative, ESR1 -mutated advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following at least one line of endocrine therapy. ORSERDU is an estrogen receptor antagonist indicated for: treatment of postmenopausal women or adult men, with ER-positive, HER2-negative, ESR1 -mutated advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following at least one line of endocrine therapy ( 1 ) 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Dyslipidemia: ORSERDU may cause hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Monitor lipid profile prior to starting treatment and periodically thereafter. ( 5.1 ) Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: ORSERDU can cause fetal harm. Advise of the potential risk to a fetus and to use effective contraception. ( 5.2 , 8.1 , 8.3 ) 5.1 Dyslipidemia Hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia occurred in patients taking ORSERDU at an incidence of 30% and 27%, respectively. The incidence of Grade 3 and 4 hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia were 0.9% and 2.2%, respectively [see Adverse Reactions ( 6.1 )] . Monitor lipid profile prior to starting and periodically while taking ORSERDU. 5.2 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on findings in animals and its mechanism of action, ORSERDU can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Administration of elacestrant to pregnant rats resulted in adverse developmental outcomes, including embryo-fetal mortality and structural abnormalities, at maternal exposures below the recommended dose based on area under the curve (AUC). Advise pregnant women and females of reproductive potential of the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with ORSERDU and for 1 week after the last dose. Advise male patients with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with ORSERDU and for 1 week after the last dose [see Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 , 8.3 ) and Clinical Pharmacology ( 12.1 )] .