Title: Olaparib Monotherapy or in Combination with Abiraterone for the Treatment of Patients with Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer (mCRPC) and a BRCA Mutation.
Abstract: Treatment strategies to improve outcomes in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) are evolving. Of particular interest are therapies that target DNA damage responses in tumor cells by inhibiting poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) activity. Several PARP inhibitors have recently received regulatory approval for the treatment of patients with mCRPC, of which olaparib was the first for prostate cancer. Olaparib received approval as a monotherapy following the PROfound study (NCT02987543) and in combination with abiraterone following the PROpel study (NCT03732820) for mCRPC. Both PROfound (homologous recombination repair mutation biomarker-selected) and PROpel (biomarker unselected) patients demonstrated statistically significant longer radiographic progression-free survival (rPFS) with olaparib versus their respective control arms in the intention-to-treat population. In both studies, the greatest clinical benefit with olaparib was seen in patients with BRCA1 and/or BRCA2 mutations (BRCAm): PROfound rPFS hazard ratio (HR) 0.22 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.15-0.32); PROpel rPFS HR 0.23 (95% CI 0.12-0.43). Clinical benefit was also observed in terms of overall survival: PROfound HR 0.63 (95% CI 0.42-0.95); PROpel HR 0.29 (95% CI 0.14-0.56). We provide a comprehensive overview of the utility of olaparib for patients with mCRPC harboring a BRCAm. Key clinical and safety data in BRCAm subgroup populations are discussed, predominantly based on findings from PROfound and PROpel, as well as investigator-initiated studies, to help inform treatment decision-making in this patient population. We also discuss the importance of genetic testing to identify patients who may optimally benefit from treatment with olaparib, either as a monotherapy or in combination with abiraterone.