1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE SARCLISA is indicated: in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone, for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least 2 prior therapies including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor. in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone, for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received 1 to 3 prior lines of therapy. in combination with bortezomib, lenalidomide, and dexamethasone, for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who are not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT). SARCLISA is a CD38-directed cytolytic antibody indicated: in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone, for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least 2 prior therapies including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor. in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone, for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received 1 to 3 prior lines of therapy. in combination with bortezomib, lenalidomide and dexamethasone, for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who are not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT). ( 1 ) 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infusion-Related Reactions : In case of grade ≥2, interrupt SARCLISA and manage medically. Permanently discontinue for grade 4 infusion-related reactions or anaphylactic reaction. ( 5.1 ) Infections : SARCLISA can cause serious and fatal infections. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infection and treat appropriately. ( 5.2 ) Neutropenia : Monitor complete blood cell counts periodically during treatment. Monitor patients with neutropenia for signs of infection. SARCLISA dose delays and the use of colony-stimulating factor may be required to allow improvement of neutrophil count. ( 5.3 ) Second Primary Malignancies (SPM) : Monitor patients for the development of second primary malignancies. ( 5.4 ) Laboratory Test Interference : Interference with Serological Testing (Indirect Antiglobulin Test): Type and screen patients prior to starting treatment. Inform blood banks that a patient has received SARCLISA. ( 5.5 , 7.1 ) Interference with Serum Protein Electrophoresis and Immunofixation Tests: SARCLISA may interfere with the assays used to monitor M-protein, which may impact the determination of complete response. ( 5.5 , 7.1 ) Embryo-Fetal Toxicity : Can cause fetal harm. ( 5.6 ) 5.1 Infusion-Related Reactions Serious infusion-related reactions including life-threatening anaphylactic reactions have occurred with SARCLISA treatment. Severe signs and symptoms included cardiac arrest, hypertension, hypotension, bronchospasm, dyspnea, angioedema, and swelling. In clinical trials (ICARIA-MM, IKEMA, and IMROZ), in patients treated with SARCLISA (N=592), infusion-related reactions occurred in 206 patients (35%). Among these 206 patients, 92% experienced infusion-related reactions during the first infusion and 12% after the first cycle. The most common symptoms (≥5%) of an infusion-related reaction included dyspnea and cough. Grade 1 infusion-related reactions were reported in 6% of patients, grade 2 in 28%, and grade 3 or 4 in 1.2%. Anaphylactic reactions occurred in less than 1% of patients. The total incidence of SARCLISA infusion interruptions was less than 1% and the incidence of patients with at least one SARCLISA infusion interruption due to infusion-related reactions was 26%. The median time to first SARCLISA infusion interruption was 61 minutes (range 4 to 240 minutes). SARCLISA was discontinued in 1% of patients due to infusion-related reactions. To decrease the risk and severity of infusion-related reactions, premedicate patients prior to SARCLISA infusion with acetaminophen, H2 antagonists, diphenhydramine, or equivalent, and dexamethasone [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] . Monitor vital signs frequently during the entire SARCLISA infusion. For patients with grade ≥2 reactions, interrupt SARCLISA infusion and provide appropriate medical management. For patients with grade 2 or grade 3 reactions, if symptoms improve to grade ≤1, restart SARCLISA infusion at half of the initial infusion rate, with supportive care as needed, and closely monitor patients. If symptoms do not recur after 30 minutes, the infusion rate may be increased to the initial rate, and then increased incrementally, as shown in Table 3 [see Dosage and Administration (2.5) ] . In case symptoms do not improve to grade ≤1 after interruption of SARCLISA infusion, persist or worsen despite appropriate medications, or require hospitalization, permanently discontinue SARCLISA and institute appropriate management. Permanently discontinue SARCLISA if an anaphylactic reaction or life-threatening (grade 4) infusion-related reaction occurs and institute appropriate management. 5.2 Infections SARCLISA can cause severe, life-threatening, or fatal infections. In patients who received SARCLISA at the recommended dose in ICARIA-MM, IKEMA, and IMROZ (N=592), serious infections, including opportunistic infections, occurred in 46% of patients, grade 3 or 4 infections occurred in 43%, and fatal infections occurred in 4.7%. The most common type of serious infection reported was pneumonia (32%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infection prior to and during treatment with SARCLISA and treat appropriately. Administer prophylactic antimicrobials according to guidelines [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] . 5.3 Neutropenia SARCLISA can cause neutropenia. In clinical trials (ICARIA-MM, IKEMA, and IMROZ), in patients treated with SARCLISA (N=592), neutropenia based on laboratory values occurred in 81%, with grade 3 or 4 occurring in 52%. Neutropenic infections occurred in 12% of patients, with grade 3 or 4 in 4.9%, and febrile neutropenia in 4% [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . Monitor complete blood cell counts periodically during treatment. If needed, use antibacterial and antiviral prophylaxis during treatment [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ] . Monitor patients with neutropenia for signs of infection. In case of grade 4 neutropenia delay SARCLISA dose until neutrophil count recovery to at least 1 × 10 9 /L, and provide supportive care with growth factors, according to institutional guidelines. No dose reductions of SARCLISA are recommended. 5.4 Second Primary Malignancies The incidence of second primary malignancies, during treatment and post-treatment, is increased in patients treated with SARCLISA-containing regimens. In clinical trials (ICARIA-MM, IKEMA, and IMROZ), in patients treated with SARCLISA (N=592), second primary malignancies occurred in 71 patients (12%). In ICARIA-MM, at a median follow-up time of 52 months, second primary malignancies occurred in 7% of patients in the Isa-Pd arm and in 2% of patients in the Pd arm. In IKEMA study, at a median follow-up time of 57 months, second primary malignancies occurred in 10% of patients in the Isa-Kd arm and in 8% of patients in the Kd arm. In IMROZ study, at a median follow-up time of 60 months, second primary malignancies occurred in 16% of patients in the Isa-VRd arm and in 9% of patients in the VRd arm. The most common (≥1%) second primary malignancies in ICARIA-MM, IKEMA, and IMROZ (N=592) included skin cancers (7% with SARCLISA-containing regimens and 3.1% with comparative regimens) and solid tumors other than skin cancer (4.6% with SARCLISA-containing regimens and 2.9% with comparative regimens). Patients with non-melanoma skin cancer continued treatment after resection of the skin cancer, except 2 patients on the Isa-VRd arm and 1 patient on the VRd arm of the IMROZ study. Monitor patients for the development of second primary malignancies. 5.5 Laboratory Test Interference Interference with Serological Testing (Indirect Antiglobulin Test) SARCLISA binds to CD38 on red blood cells (RBCs) and may result in a false positive indirect antiglobulin test (indirect Coombs test). This interference with the indirect Coombs test may persist for approximately 6 months after the last infusion of SARCLISA. The indirect antiglobulin test was positive during Isa-Pd treatment in 68% of the tested patients, and during Isa-Kd treatment in 63% of patients. In patients with a positive indirect antiglobulin test, blood transfusions were administered without evidence of hemolysis. ABO/RhD typing was not affected by SARCLISA treatment. Before the first SARCLISA infusion, conduct blood type and screen tests on SARCLISA-treated patients. Consider phenotyping prior to starting SARCLISA treatment. If treatment with SARCLISA has already started, inform the blood bank that the patient is receiving SARCLISA and SARCLISA interference with blood compatibility testing can be resolved using dithiothreitol-treated RBCs. If an emergency transfusion is required, non–cross-matched ABO/RhD-compatible RBCs can be given as per local blood bank practices [see Drug Interactions (7.1) ] . Interference with Serum Protein Electrophoresis and Immunofixation Tests SARCLISA is an IgG kappa monoclonal antibody that can be incidentally detected on both serum protein electrophoresis and immunofixation assays used for the clinical monitoring of endogenous M-protein. This interference can impact the accuracy of the determination of complete response in some patients with IgG kappa myeloma protein [see Drug Interactions (7.1) ] . 5.6 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on the mechanism of action, SARCLISA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. SARCLISA may cause fetal immune cell depletion and decreased bone density. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females with reproductive potential to use an effective method of contraception during treatment with SARCLISA and for 5 months after the last dose [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1 , 8.3) ] . The combination of SARCLISA with pomalidomide or lenalidomide is contraindicated in pregnant women because pomalidomide or lenalidomide may cause birth defects and death of the unborn child. Refer to the pomalidomide or lenalidomide prescribing information on use during pregnancy.