Title: Ribociclib in the Treatment of Hormone-Receptor Positive/HER2-Negative Advanced and Early Breast Cancer: Overview of Clinical Data and Patients Selection.
Abstract: Among pre- and postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive (HR+) breast cancer (BC), combinations of an aromatase inhibitor (AI) or fulvestrant with a CDK 4/6 inhibitor (palbociclib, ribociclib, or abemaciclib) have demonstrated improved progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) compared to standard single-agent hormone therapy alone as first-line therapy for de novo metastatic disease or relapse during or after adjuvant therapy and no previous therapies in an advanced setting. We here reviewed clinical data about ribociclib in advanced and early BC. Also, we shed light on patient selection and special settings in which medical oncologists urgently await an advance in treatment. Ribociclib was FDA-approved in combination with letrozole based on a Phase III study in which 668 postmenopausal women with HR+, HER2-negative recurrent or metastatic BC were treated with first-line letrozole with or without ribociclib. For patients with metastatic disease at presentation or after a course of AIs, the results of the MONALEESA-3 trial suggest ribociclib's efficacy in combination with fulvestrant, and this combination is FDA-approved for initial- and subsequent-line endocrine therapy for postmenopausal women with metastatic hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative BC. In adjuvant and neoadjuvant settings, the use of CDK 4/6 inhibitors may be useful to boost outcomes in high-risk patients with HR+ BC, but data contrast with those of a phase III study, which produced positive results. New combinations are being explored in upfront disease (neoadjuvant) or in association with other targeted agents in metastatic disease. Compared to other CDK 4/6 available, ribociclib has a higher incidence of liver function test abnormalities than the other agents and can cause QTc prolongation, and therefore may be prudently avoided in patients with cardiac morbidities or other risk factors for QTc prolongation (drugs, interactions). In these cases, different agents (palbociclib or abemaciclib) may be used. In conclusion, ribociclib with letrozole or with fulvestrant is effective for the entire spectrum of patients with HR+ BC in the advanced setting. Ribociclib has all the characteristics of an innovative drug able to change the clinical practice and most BC patients' prognoses.