1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE ZIIHERA is indicated for the treatment of adults with previously treated, unresectable or metastatic HER2-positive (IHC 3+) biliary tract cancer (BTC), as detected by an FDA-approved test [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.1 )]. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and duration of response [see Clinical Studies ( 14 )] . Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial(s). ZIIHERA is a bispecific HER2-directed antibody indicated for the treatment of adults with previously treated, unresectable or metastatic HER2-positive (IHC 3+) biliary tract cancer (BTC), as detected by an FDA-approved test. ( 1 ) This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial(s). ( 1 ) 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS • Left Ventricular Dysfunction: Assess left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) prior to initiation of ZIIHERA and at regular intervals during treatment. Withhold or permanently discontinue ZIIHERA based on severity. ( 2.4 , 5.2 ) • Infusion-Related Reactions (IRRs): Premedicate before each infusion of ZIIHERA. Interrupt the infusion, decrease the infusion rate, and/or permanently discontinue ZIIHERA based on severity. ( 2.4 , 5.3 ) • Diarrhea: ZIIHERA can cause severe diarrhea. Administer antidiarrheal treatment as clinically indicated. Withhold or permanently discontinue ZIIHERA based on severity. ( 2.4 , 5.4 ) 5.1 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on the mechanism of action, ZIIHERA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. There are no human or animal data on the use of ZIIHERA in pregnancy. In literature reports, use of a HER2-directed antibody during pregnancy resulted in cases of oligohydramnios and oligohydramnios sequence manifesting as pulmonary hypoplasia, skeletal abnormalities, and neonatal death. Verify the pregnancy status of females of reproductive potential prior to the initiation of ZIIHERA. Advise pregnant women and females of reproductive potential that exposure to ZIIHERA during pregnancy or within 4 months prior to conception can result in fetal harm. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception while receiving ZIIHERA and for 4 months following the last dose of ZIIHERA. 5.2 Left Ventricular Dysfunction ZIIHERA can cause decreases in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). LVEF declined by greater than 10% and decreased to less than 50% in 4.3% of 233 patients. LVD leading to permanent discontinuation of ZIIHERA was reported in 0.9% of patients. The median time to first occurrence of left ventricular dysfunction was 5.6 months (range: 1.6 to 18.7 months). Left ventricular dysfunction resolved in 70% of patients. Assess LVEF prior to initiation of ZIIHERA and at regular intervals during treatment. Withhold dose or permanently discontinue ZIIHERA based on severity of adverse reactions [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.4 )] . The safety of ZIIHERA has not been established in patients with a baseline ejection fraction that is below 50% [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.4 )] . 5.3 Infusion-Related Reactions ZIIHERA can cause infusion-related reactions (IRRs). An IRR was reported in 31% of 233 patients treated with ZIIHERA as a single agent in clinical studies, including Grade 3 (0.4%), and Grade 2 (25%). IRRs leading to permanent discontinuation of ZIIHERA were reported in 0.4% of patients. IRRs occurred on the first day of dosing in 28% of patients; 97% of IRRs resolved within one day. Prior to each dose of ZIIHERA, administer premedications to prevent potential IRRs [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.2 )] . Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of IRR during ZIIHERA administration and as clinically indicated after completion of infusion. Have medications and emergency equipment to treat IRRs available for immediate use. If an IRR occurs, slow, or stop the infusion, and administer appropriate medical management. Monitor patients until complete resolution of signs and symptoms before resuming. Permanently discontinue ZIIHERA in patients with recurrent severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.4 )] . 5.4 Diarrhea ZIIHERA can cause severe diarrhea [see Adverse Reactions ( 6.1 )] . Diarrhea was reported in 48% of 233 patients treated in clinical studies, including Grade 3 (6%) and Grade 2 (17%). If diarrhea occurs, administer antidiarrheal treatment as clinically indicated. Perform diagnostic tests as clinically indicated to exclude other causes of diarrhea. Withhold or permanently discontinue ZIIHERA based on severity [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.4 )] .