Title: Efficacy and safety of ripretinib in patients with KIT-altered metastatic melanoma.
Abstract: Ripretinib, a broad-spectrum KIT and platelet-derived growth factor receptor A switch-control tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is approved for the treatment of adult patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor as ≥ fourth-line therapy. We present the efficacy and safety of ripretinib in patients with KIT-altered metastatic melanoma enrolled in the expansion phase of the ripretinib phase I study. Patients with KIT-altered metastatic melanoma were enrolled and treated with ripretinib at the recommended phase II dose of 150 mg once daily in 28-day cycles. Investigator-assessed responses according to Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors version 1.1 were carried out on day 1 of cycles 3, 5, 7, every three cycles thereafter, and at a final study visit. A total of 26 patients with KIT-altered metastatic melanoma (25 with KIT mutations, 1 with KIT-amplification) were enrolled. Patients had received prior immunotherapy (n = 23, 88%) and KIT inhibitor therapy (n = 9, 35%). Confirmed objective response rate (ORR) was 23% [95% confidence interval (CI) 9%-44%; one complete and five partial responses] with a median duration of response of 9.1 months (range, 6.9-31.3 months). Median progression-free survival (mPFS) was 7.3 months (95% CI 1.9-13.6 months). Patients without prior KIT inhibitor therapy had a higher ORR and longer mPFS (n = 17, ORR 29%, mPFS 10.2 months) than those who had received prior KIT inhibitor treatment (n = 9, ORR 11%, mPFS 2.9 months). The most common treatment-related treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) of any grade in ≥15% of patients were increased lipase, alopecia, actinic keratosis, myalgia, arthralgia, decreased appetite, fatigue, hyperkeratosis, nausea, and palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome. There were no grade ≥4 treatment-related TEAEs. In this phase I study, ripretinib demonstrated encouraging efficacy and a well-tolerated safety profile in patients with KIT-altered metastatic melanoma, suggesting ripretinib may have a clinically meaningful role in treating these patients.