1 Recommendation
1.1
Dostarlimab with platinum-based chemotherapy can be used as an option to treat primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer with high microsatellite instability or mismatch repair deficiency in adults when systemic therapy is suitable.
Dostarlimab can only be used if the company provides it according to the commercial arrangement .
What this means in practice
Dostarlimab with platinum-based chemotherapy must be funded in the NHS in England for the condition and the population in the recommendation, if it is considered the most suitable treatment option. Dostarlimab with platinum-based chemotherapy must be funded in England within 90 days of final publication of this guidance.
There is enough evidence to show that dostarlimab with platinum-based chemotherapy provides benefits and value for money, so it can be used routinely across the NHS in this population.
NICE has produced tools and resources to support the implementation of this guidance .
Why the committee made this recommendation
This evaluation reviews the evidence for dostarlimab with platinum-based chemotherapy for primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer with high microsatellite instability or mismatch repair deficiency, which was approved for use in the Cancer Drugs Fund in NICE's technology appraisal guidance 963.
Usual treatment for this condition is platinum-based chemotherapy, specifically carboplatin plus paclitaxel. Clinical trial evidence shows that adding dostarlimab increases how long people have before their condition gets worse compared with carboplatin plus paclitaxel alone. It may also increase how long they live, but this is uncertain because people have only been followed up for a short period of time.
There are uncertainties in the economic model, but the most likely cost-effectiveness estimate is within the range that NICE considers an acceptable use of NHS resources. So, dostarlimab with platinum-based chemotherapy can be used.
Next page 2 Information about dostarlimab Previous page Overview
Back to top